Ramen Nagi so far has been the best ramen I've ever had in all the states so far! I was able to park on the street and walk right towards the restaurant. I know Ramen Nagi is quite popular and known for their wait-time. What's different about Ramen Nagi compared to other ramen restaurants is that your ramen is customizable instead of a set item. That means you start off your order by picking what broth flavour you want (original king, red king, veggie king, etc.), saltiness, oil richness, choices of pork, vegetables, noodles, and more. The chashu pork was tender and the egg was soft and yolky. The vegetables were also nice, and the noodles were fine although I wish I got thicker noodles. Service is also friendly too, although sometimes it may be hard to get the waiters attention when it gets busier. Overall though I would have to come back here again when I get the chance! Food: The Green King is my favorite bowl of ramen, hands down. The fragrant basil broth filled with thick, chewy ramen, topped with decadent pork belly is truly unbeatable. I've tried the Red King and the Black King which are also delicious. The chicken karaage is also fantastic and unique (it has a sweet glaze) Ambiance: open and bright, super clean. The ramen had plenty of chashu and I shared it with my husband. We ordered it by the Chef's recommendation. I added the egg and had the thinner noodles. The karaage was the star of the show for me, personally. I can't stop thinking about it. I love the way they prepare their gyoza. It was different and had a crunchy texture, which I love. I also loved their chashu fried rice. For each ingredient, they provide you a bunch of different options and also highlight Chef's recommended option so it's easy for you to make a decision in case you are feeling overwhelmed. The spice level goes from 1-10. Egg and seaweed are usually not included by default, so you'll have to add the separately and pay extra. They should have more vegetarian and vegan options! they do not offer fish ramen. No, the only way you could take out would be to wait in their line and sit down at a table, then I believe you need your own container to take the food home. They might offer you some smaller containers but I don't think it fits a whole bowl of ramen! You must pack the ramen yourself. Walk ins only! But go when it opens because the line will get bad. My son is very allergic to nuts of all kinds and he's never had any issues. There is black sesame in the Black King though, and so if you have cross sensitivity to sesame (some ppl with peanut allergies do) might want to avoid that just in case.