The lines can be long but move fairly fast, with mix of workers taking your order and a digital screen, and there's lots of both indoor and outdoor seating. Food: I ordered the paneer tikka masala, and it was absolutely delicious. The paneer was perfectly cooked, and the sauce was rich and flavorful. I also tried a few of the other dishes at the table. Service: The service at Zareen's was quick and efficient. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. He was able to answer all of our questions and help us choose the perfect dishes. Ambiance: Zareen's has a great outdoor ambiance. The patio is spacious and well-lit, and it is the perfect place to enjoy a meal on a warm evening. The restaurant also has a nice indoor dining room, which is more intimate and romantic. Parking is available on the street or in the city-owned garage behind the restaurant. Favorites here would be the chicken tikka masala which is consistently excellent with super fresh chicken with an excellent char. The curry is also very fragrant. Complementary items to also order would be their garlic naan and basmanti rice. Their garlic naan is excellent, hot out of the oven with plenty of butter and garlic. The basmanti rice is also excellent to go with their chicken tikka masala. I do wish you can adjust the spice level but unfortunately everything is prepared and served at "medium" spicy and cannot be changed. Zareen's has a fantastic selection of vegetarian items but also for meat lovers alike. There's something for everyone to enjoy here. The portion are quite large and perfect for sharing family style. Zareen's is a must if you're looking for the ultimate comfort food with great portion sizes as well as bold flavors. With a few locations in the Bay Area, Zareens is incredibly consistent in their quality of food. This is my favorite location because there's plenty of tables and the selection is the best here. They have various naan bread like sesame, jalapeno cheese, and garlic. They also offer less traditional options like burgers, fries, and burritos. This is a fast casual style restaurant so you line up, order at the cashier, they will hand you a number, grab a table with your placecard posted, and wait for your food. Theres napkins, plates, utensils, water, and takeout containers (trust me, you'll like have leftovers) for self serve. The service is consistently amazing every time we come here. The runners and busboys are all very friendly and efficient. Pro tip: don't be discouraged if you see a long line! The line moves pretty fast since theres 3 cashiers at the front. The food comes out in a reasonable time ~10-15 minutes even during peak dinner hours. Most of all, the food is worth the wait! The chicken tikki masala is likely their most famous dish and for good reason! The tomato cream curry is rich with depths of spices that will have you wanting more. Whether you choose to enjoy it with a side of rice or naan, you won't be disappointed ordering this. The grilled boneless chicken is truly some of the juiciest chicken I've ever consumed. Chicken boti sizzler- comes out on a very hot plate and its stacked with delicious juicy chicken thats has that perfect char to it. Every bite is smoky and full of herby flavor. Its a bit of the saltier side so it pairs nicely with a bed of rice or greens. Palak aloo- This is my personal favorite item because I just love that creamy rich spinach texture. This dish is especially comforting to me and the bits of potatoes really add a different texture. This also pairs well over a bed of rice. As for the naan, I highly recommend the garlic naan because it pairs well with any curry dish. However the jalapeño cheese naan is absolutely delicious although on the heavier side. Its basically like a giant quesadilla filled with gooey cheese and sprinkled with some spicy sliced jalapeños for that extra kick of spice. I also found the prices to be extremely reasonable, especially for the area. There are plenty of vegan options:Potatoe samosa’s, Silver spoon paratha roll with Aloo Tikki, Oranges new green salad, Madras vegan Burrito wrap, Aloo samosas burger Lettuce wrap with fries or salad, Paratha (whole wheat homemade)
