I was on my way back from an evening service on a weekday and was looking for a place to get to-go food in the area and stumbled upon this place on Yelp. Before I get into the details of the experience, I want to highlight the people who run this place have some exception customer service! TBH some of the best I've seen in some time. Example - when I was deciding if I wanted to get the Majadara, the cashier offered to give me a small sample without me asking. Another example - when I was waiting to get my food, one of the workers brought us a sample tray of some freshly cooked falafel pieces which was very kind of him! Food - I got the Sabich and Majadara. The Sabich is essentially a pita but has some interesting flavors and tastes in there that I did not try in the past, especially in a pita. There were cooked eggplants and boiled egg in there which gave the dish a different taste pallet altogether. I asked for a bit spicier and the lady making my food added a bit more of the spicy sauce which did the trick Service - Within ordering, you show your ticket to the individuals who are going to make your food and they make it in front of you which I thought was super cool! Within giving my ticket, they made the Sabich in 5 minutes. Seating - There is plenty of seating inside and patio seating, however limited on the outside. Parking - Parking can be tough if you come during peak hours since this place shared the lot with other businesses. There is no street parking since it is on a busy road but you could park a couple businesses down and walk a bit. Cleanliness - Overall a very clean place. Israeli salad was delicious and fresh ingredients used. The Jerusalem mix was added to the sharwarma plate, which I wish it wasn't because I wanted to know what is the difference of both dishes. I had some of my boyfriend's grilled chicken, which I enjoyed more. It was cooked just right and it was juicy. The sharwarma was okay; nothing really stood out. The fries were cold and just regular side of fries. Came by for lunch the other day and it was a hectic experience. Parking was available in the private lot next to the restaurant and became extremely crowded during the peak lunch hour. Getting blocked in seems to be a common occurance... Ordering is done at the counter "inside the kitchen." There are 2 cashiers and they take credit cards. There are 2 kitchens, one for vegetarian, and one for non-vegetarian. When the staff calls the number listed on the receipt verbally, the staff make the items while wearing vinyl gloves. The portions are gigantic and can be shared for 2-3 people. Seating is available in the covered patio of in the shade right in front of the patio. Had the chicken shawarma and the pita bread was very soft and fluffy. The chicken shawarma was very juicy and fragrant. The other condiments were pilled high and super fresh. The pita is fresh baked and the best pita ever. Falafel Stop is such a Sunnyvale classic. Conveniently located right next to Fremont High School, it always has a lot of high schoolers. The restaurant has a sizable parking lot, but it does fill up during busy meal times. The service is efficient and attentive. They are quick at their job but aren't rude or unwelcoming in the slightest. I always like to get the Chicken Shawarma in a Pita, as well a side of falafel balls. The portions are huge; I could easily make this meal last 2 meals (especially if I get a plate). I really like that the pita is stuffed to the brim--they definitely don't skimp on the meat. It also comes with fries which are always a fun touch, and I think the green sauce is an awesome pairing. I also like their falafels since I find them to have a perfect texture and flavor, but some of my friends think they're on the smaller side and kind of dry. The seating is all outdoors under a covered tent and only features picnic tables. It's a great place to go with your friends, especially if you have a somewhat larger group and want an easygoing ambiance. This place is such a classic go-to for me--I highly recommend it! The restaurant is not kosher. The falafel salad is vegetarian. Note there are some salad toppings which contain mayo, so be sure to let the person serving you that you don't want mayo if you are vegan. 