I only came here because of dine la menu. The 3 course lunch menu was $45 and it's not a bad price considering I got the meat sushi, the filet mignon and the baklava.
You get 3 pieces of the meat sushi and it was pretty good. My friend got the salmon tartare and that was nice and creamy.
The 5 oz filet mignon is the thinner flatter type which is different from what I'm used to with the thicker cut. The meat is cooked pretty well and the right amount of tenderness and rareness, just the way I like it. It came with mashed potatoes and they were pretty creamy and nice though felt a bit too buttery for my taste.
The baklava was good as well but way too sweet for me, I couldn't finish it as I could only eat 2 bites of it. I don't really eat baklavas but I was curious how they make it and I think it's baked pretty well here.
Overall, the food is fine but lacking flavours for me. It has generic seasonings and in terms of steakhouses, there are better ones in LA. I wouldn't spend here if it wasn't for dine la as I think it is way too overpriced for the quality of food. The decor is pretty inside. I've never experienced the "servers' performances" however, the type of show I've seen online doesn't make sense. For example, the baklava show, is left with a messy looking dish afterwards and honestly, I'm confused by the creative choice here. Personally, I think there could be better and more creative performances that could be done.
Lunch $39 - I opted for the meat sushi, NY steak prepared medium rare (it came with a side of sauteed mushrooms), and baklava. The meat sushi consisted of 3 pieces. Each piece consisted of a little bit of rice topped with a thin slice of flavorful wagyu beef, avocado cream and some crispy strings of potato. For me this was the highlight of the meal and really wowed me. Next up I ordered the NY steak was only 5 oz and while it was tender, it did have quite a bit of fat and wasn't all that flavorful. The baklava was served warm but a little too sweet for my liking as it had too much syrup. But still it wasn't bad taste wise.
Overall the lunch price wasn't bad, considering I was in Beverly Hills. Service was excellent and the indoor decor is very modern and upscale. I wasn't too impressed with the steaks here and have had better elsewhere, but I can say that I did enjoy my experience here. A few hundred feet away is a public parking structure owned by the city that offers 2 hours of free parking and then $6 an hour after that.
the staff at Nurs-Et were exceptional--both friendly and attentive. The set menu was enjoyable, but in terms of uniqueness, I didn't find it vastly different from other steak houses. Perhaps I've been spoiled by other experiences, but I've tasted superior cuts of meat at more reasonable prices elsewhere.
4 stars for the stellar employees wow! They go all out and the Mexican Salt Baes are magnificent!
The salt bae special is a must cry. The Wagyu was melting like butter! The bread that is marinated in the butter is the cherry on top. The cocktails are amazing too. But here's why I left out one star. I'm a big seafood lover. I love the steak houses but my husband is the king of trying all steaks all over California . Now me Im the seafood police.
The salmon tartar was very salty and over seasoned. I like fresh cut tartar and it was just over seasoned.
The deep fried shrimp was over deep fried. Maybe I need to try the rolls next time. But overall what makes this place is the atmosphere and the employees treatment towards the clients.
The atmosphere was absolutely amazing, creating a cozy and inviting ambiance that made the dining experience even more enjoyable. The staff was on point, providing attentive and friendly service throughout the evening.
Hate the service, super arrogant and unfriendly waiters. Service was hit or miss.
Ordered the recommended house special salad (with pomegranate and nuts), tomahawk, and beef sushi and the baklava. We had ordered the flower onion but it never came out - when asked they said "it takes a while to prepare" by this time, we were almost done with our dinner.
It's all presentation. Nothing unique or special about their steak. Our favorite must have been the baklava -the goat cheese ice cream was such a nice addition/compliment for it.
If you are just trying to impress or wants to experience the salt throw, otherwise, plenty of other steak restaurant that are much better.
I was excited about this restaurant, I really was. However it was disappointing. The quality of the food was not good. It's a very overpriced restaurant in relation to their quality. I truly do not mind if the price of a restaurant is high as long as the quality can keep up with the prices but this place does not.
It has potential. It's located in a good place and the ambiance and design is very nice. The staff is pretty nice too. I just was extremely disappointed with the quality of their food. Things were greasy and you could tell they were not made in house. Additionally, whatever we really wanted to try they were out of and it wasn't even late in the night.